fanservice ruins everything this is not
a rant this is an attempt at an
intellectual argument regarding how much
I dislike fanservice I was surprised
with how many people suggested and
practically begged me to make this video
some kind of rant about how much I hate
fanservice
there are many levels of fanservice and
I think it's important to distinguish
between fanservice and nudity and
although anime is fundamentally separate
from reality the way to identify
fanservice is to look at it in a
realistic context it's about identifying
the woman and identifying the role that
she's supposed to be in if she's a
promiscuous prostitute then it makes
sense that her boobs are hanging out and
that's not fanservice but if she's a
serious analyst or a freedom fighter
then why are her boobs hanging out not
only is it uncomfortable but it's just
impractical I've watched a lot of shows
on this channel and there have been very
few which have been completely without
fanservice one piece itself is a
startling ly prime example of overusing
the fanservice although we have grown to
ignore it for the most part one piece
fanservice is pretty harmless it's
really all about short skirts and an
insane amount of cleavage there were
only a few instances where women would
actually be molested and whenever that
would happen usually justice would be
served even if it was comedic I always
say that I really liked Maggie as a show
but there was that big but because women
were just constantly molested and was
played off as humor it was detrimental
to Aladdin as a character and my overall
opinion of this show because of how
in-your-face it was and then you get
shows like Gurren Lagann or code gas or
Gundam double zero which didn't have a
ton of women in the cast but those who
were in the cast had unusually large
breasts and a tendency to wear skimpy
clothes comparing the women in Gundam
double zero and Gundam Wing is like
comparing night/day I have respect for
characters like lady Ahn and Lucretia
annoyed and even ralina who were
incidentally female characters and
weren't just there to satisfy a boob
quota then in Goodman double-0
you have all the girls showing up for an
important business meeting in bathing
suits for some reason or shirts wear the
cloth over their chests are just
stretched to its limit ready from Black
Lagoon is an example of a woman who
makes sense to be wearing skimpy clothes
and even though she was kind of dressed
provocatively it wasn't as though the
action sequences were focused on the
bounce or the angle of her breasts or
butt you - oh like Kuroko no Basuke that
had literally two female characters in
the entire show
all they would ever talk about whenever
they came together was the size of their
breasts personally I've never had that
conversation with with other girls
especially not in high school okay okay
so what about man service then right I'm
always the first to giggle about it or
pointed out whenever I'm watching a show
like free iwatobi swim club or a
character is just pointlessly shirtless
and it's not a different point it's the
same thing it's stupid and it's totally
pointless
would I have watched free without the
man service probably not because that's
the point the show was awful the show or
the character itself becomes known for
its fanservice or just being a talking
set of cleavage with legs but asking
fanservice and animate to stop would be
like asking wacky hair colors and
animate to stop for the record I do find
wacky hair color it's pretty stupid too
but it's part of the culture and it's
not going to change and all I can do is
hope that it doesn't create a generation
of people who think that it's okay to
molest women or when you walk in on a
woman
and she's not fully clothed then it is
humorous rather than embarrassing I mean
okay maybe that did end up sounding a
little ranty but I think I made my point
you have any other suggestions for
videos you want to see from me then
please let me know in the comments and
I'll see what I can do
bye
one piece itself is a starting one piece
itself is a starting line starting